Fixed & updated Unity docs for road to 0.1.0 (#3603)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/configuration/config-intro/unity.mdx

> We are providing the helper class `SentryUnity` to allow for programatic configuration of the SDK. Options can be set by passing a callback to the `Init()` method which will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are providing the helper class `SentryUnity` to allow for programmatic configuration of the SDK. You can set options by passing a callback to the `Init()` method which will
```

pass the option object along for modifications:

```csharp
using Sentry.Unity;

SentryUnity.Init(o =>
{
    o.Dsn = "___PUBLIC_DSN___";

>     o.MaxBreadcrumbs = 50;
>     o.Debug = true;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // Useful when setting things up to see the SDK logs in the Unity console.
    o.Debug = true;
```
